New NCN Overview Page (#2210)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: background/ncn_plan_of_record.md

* *Management Network:* `2x` PCIe cards, with 1 or 2 heads/ports each for a total of 4 ports split between two PCIe cards

### Workers NCNs

#### Worker Disks

* *Operating System:* `2x` SSDs of equal size that are at least `500GiB` (524288000000 bytes)
* *Ephemeral:* `1x` SSD larger than or equal to `1TiB` (`1048576000000` bytes)

#### Worker NICs

> **`NOTE:`** There is no PCIe redundancy for the management network for worker NCNs. The only redundancy set up for workers is port redundancy.

* *Management Network:* `1x` PCIe card with 2 heads/ports for a total of 2 ports dedicated to a single PCIe card
* *High-Speed Network:* `1x` PCIe card capable of `100Gbps` (e.g. ConnectX-5 or Cassini), with 1 or 2 heads/ports

### Storage NCNs

#### Storage Disks

* *Operating System:* `2x` SSDs of equal size that are at least `500GiB` (`524288000000 bytes`)
* *CEPH:* `8x` SSDs of any size

> **`NOTE:`** Any available disk that is not consumed by the operating system will be used for CEPH, but a node needs a minimum of 8 disks for making an ideal CEPH pool for CSM.

#### Storage NICs

> **`NOTE:`** The 2nd port on each card is filled but not configured (reserved for future use).

> * *Management Network:* `2x` PCIe cards, each with 2 heads/ports for a total of 4 ports split between two PCIe cards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Management Network:* `2x` PCIe cards, each with two heads/ports for a total of four ports split between two PCIe cards
```
